promoter	contrastexposure	non-contrast	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	noncontrast	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	without contrast	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	non-con	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	noncon	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	non - con	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	w / pe	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	w/pe	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	pe protocol	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	contrast	5	5
promoter	contrastexposure	contr	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	non-contrast	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	noncontrast	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	without contrast	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	non-con	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	noncon	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	non - con	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	w / pe	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	w/pe	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	pe protocol	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	contrast	5	5
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	surgery	0	1
inhibitor	potentialcontrastexposure	contr	8	8
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	CT		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortofemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortofem bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortifem bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortifemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortobifemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortobifem bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	aortibifem bypass		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd shock		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd shocks		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd interrogation		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd placement		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	place an icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	placement of icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd implantation		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd interrogated		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	interrogated icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	biv icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	biventricular icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	bi-v icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd replacement		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	replacement of icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	replaced icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	replace icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd firing		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	firing of icd		
conceptphrase	potentialcontrastexposure	icd in place		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	CT		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortofemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortofem bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortifem bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortifemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortobifemoral bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortobifem bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	aortibifem bypass		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd shock		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd shocks		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd interrogation		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd placement		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	place an icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	placement of icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd implantation		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd interrogated		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	interrogated icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	biv icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	biventricular icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	bi-v icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd replacement		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	replacement of icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	replaced icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	replace icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd firing		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	firing of icd		
conceptphrase	contrastexposure	icd in place		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	anorexia		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite change		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite : good		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite : poor		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite : increased		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite is increased		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite is decreased		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite is good		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite is poor		
conceptphrase	intake	increased appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	decreased appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	increase in appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	good appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	clear liquid		
conceptphrase	intake	clear liquids		
conceptphrase	intake	eating decreased		
conceptphrase	intake	eating increased		
conceptphrase	intake	decreased eating		
conceptphrase	intake	increased eating		
conceptphrase	intake	increased intake		
conceptphrase	intake	decreased intake		
conceptphrase	intake	intake increased		
conceptphrase	intake	intake decreased		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite normal		
conceptphrase	intake	normal appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	good appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	normal intake		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite increasing		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite decreasing		
conceptphrase	intake	increasing appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	decreasing appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	intake increasing		
conceptphrase	intake	intake decreasing		
conceptphrase	intake	increasing intake		
conceptphrase	intake	decreasing intake		
conceptphrase	intake	anorexia		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite changing		
conceptphrase	intake	changing appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite changed		
conceptphrase	intake	changes in appetite		
conceptphrase	intake	eating improved		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite improved		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite is improved		
conceptphrase	intake	eating is improved		
conceptphrase	intake	fasting		
conceptphrase	intake	restrict fluids		
conceptphrase	intake	restrict fluid		
conceptphrase	intake	fluid restriction		
conceptphrase	intake	fluid restricted		
conceptphrase	intake	fluids restricted		
conceptphrase	intake	water restricted		
conceptphrase	intake	water restrictions		
conceptphrase	intake	restriction of water		
conceptphrase	intake	restrict water		
conceptphrase	intake	reduced water intake		
conceptphrase	intake	decreased water intake		
conceptphrase	intake	water intake reduced		
conceptphrase	intake	water intake decreased		
conceptphrase	intake	eating		
conceptphrase	intake	eats		
conceptphrase	intake	ate		
conceptphrase	intake	eaten		
conceptphrase	intake	difficulty eating		
conceptphrase	intake	eating difficulty		
conceptphrase	intake	npo		
conceptphrase	intake	n.p.o.		
conceptphrase	intake	n . p . o . 		
conceptphrase	intake	fasted		
conceptphrase	intake	eating better		
conceptphrase	intake	appetite picking up		
conceptphrase	intake	eating picking up		
conceptphrase	intake	intake picking up		
conceptphrase	intake	feeding		
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	cyst	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	cystic	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	cysts	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	calculus	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	calculi	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	mass	TRUE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	cancer	TRUE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	agenesis	FALSE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	dysgenesis	FALSE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	carcinoma	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	atrophy	TRUE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	atrophic	TRUE	FALSE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	cancer	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	mass	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	stone	FALSE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	masses	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	stones	FALSE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	tumor	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	tumors	TRUE	TRUE
conceptphrase	anatomicalkidneystatus	atrophic	TRUE	FALSE
promoter	anatomicalkidneystatus	kidney		
promoter	anatomicalkidneystatus	renal		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	ovary		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	ovaries		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	heart		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	lung		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	lungs		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	colon		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	bowel		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	intestine		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	bladder		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	liver		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	pancreas		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	pancreatic		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	hepatic		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	urinary		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	intestinal		
inhibitor	anatomicalkidneystatus	cardiac		
